alright guys this is a unboxing video of
a probably a good buy an external USB
portable hard drive by Seagate plants
vs. zombies and killing floor so I'm
going to go ahead and get the hard drive
out the way and this is pretty much just
it just real quick unboxing here guys
shiny standard USB cable
next is plants vs. zombies then I'm
waiting to open this one up wow you guys
see this right
like seriously wow that's just like
Saturday there Wow okay and just put it
in like a little ziploc bag or something
I seriously guys and there's no need for
all this just put it in a standard
freaking penny case we're just gonna put
it in piece of plastic
next is killing for
um just pointing this I'm gonna put the
point in that is um so yeah pretty much
it guys just a quick unboxing video for
you here thanks for watching